SUPPORT.md, before:

The below document has not yet been adapted for this project and organization. Consider it non-applicable of as of now

# Support

## Asking Questions

For how-to questions and other non-issues, please use [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/material-ui) or [Gitter](https://gitter.im/callemall/material-ui) chat instead of Github issues. There is a StackOverflow tag called "material-ui" that you can use to tag your questions.

## Opening an Issue

If you think you have found a bug, or have a new feature idea, please start by making sure it hasn't already been [reported or fixed](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aclosed). You can search through existing issues and PRs to see if someone has reported one similar to yours.

Next, create a new issue that briefly explains the problem, and provides a bit of background as to the circumstances that triggered it, and steps to reproduce it.

For code issues please include:
- Material-UI version
- React version
- Browser version
- A code example or link to a repo, gist or running site.

For visual or layout problems, images or animated gifs can help explain your issue.

For feature requests please include a link to the relevant section of Material Design spec, or a screenshot.

### Issue Guidelines

- Please begin the title with '[ComponentName]' where appropriate, and use a succint description. "doesn't work" doesn't help others find similar issues.
- Please don't group multiple topics into one issue, but instead each should be its own issue.
- And please don't just comment '+1' on an issue. It spams the maintainers and doesn't help move the issue forward. Use github "reactions" instead.

Commit message:

adapt governance and support docs for project

SUPPORT.md, after:

The below is adapted from Material-UI's SUPPORT.md, which was used as a foundation to reduce barriers to contributing upstream to Material-UI.

# Support

## Asking Questions

For how-to questions and other non-issues, please use [StackOverflow]. There is a StackOverflow tag called "material-rust" that you can use to tag your questions.

## Opening an Issue

If you think you have found a bug, or have a new feature idea, please start by making sure it hasn't already been [reported or fixed](https://github.com/rust-clientside/material-rust/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aclosed). You can search through existing issues and PRs to see if someone has reported one similar to yours.

Next, create a new issue that briefly explains the problem, and provides a bit of background as to the circumstances that triggered it, and steps to reproduce it.

For code issues please include:
- Material-Rust version
- Yew Version
- Rust toolchain
- Browser version
- A code example or link to a repo, gist or running site.

For visual or layout problems, images, animated gifs, or short (<2 min) video can help explain your issue.

For feature requests please include a link to the relevant section of Material Design spec, or a screenshot.

### Issue Guidelines

- Please begin the title with '[ComponentName]' where appropriate, and use a succint description. "doesn't work" doesn't help others find similar issues.
- Please don't group multiple topics into one issue, but instead each should be its own issue.
- And please don't comment '+1' on an issue. We only want maintainers to get notifications on information that moves the issue forward. Use github "reactions" instead.
